How are you feeling these two days?
Yeah, it feels good.
Since Dad came to see Qingqing
Qingqing walks with great energy every day
Let's go for a preoperative checkup
Qingqing's mother bought you your favorite food
Sunny Sunny Sunny Sunny
sunny
Nurse, have you seen Qingqing?
Don't worry.
Qingqing went for a preoperative checkup
Thanks.
Since you are all doing pre-operative police
You should be able to have surgery soon, right?
Go ahead haha
Dr. Yang
Is Qinqin going to have surgery soon?
Yes, his test results are all good
Just make an appointment with Dr. H
You're ready for surgery.
Is the genius doctor in there too?
I want to thank him in person.
He left early
If you want to thank me, wait until the surgery is over before unloading it.
Yeah, sure.
Ji Yanxi
Is the child in his arms